feat: major documentation refresh (#3475)
authelia/authelia: docs/content/en/overview/authorization/access-control.md

---
title: "Access Control"
description: "Access Control is the main authorization system in Authelia."
lead: "Access Control is the main authorization system in Authelia."
date: 2022-03-20T22:52:38+11:00
lastmod: 2022-06-03T10:43:55+10:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  overview:
    parent: "authorization"
weight: 310
toc: false
aliases:
  - /docs/features/access-control.html
---

> __Authelia__ allows to define a fine-grained rule-based access control policies. This list of rules is tested against
> any requests protected by Authelia and defines the level of authentication the user must pass to get authorization to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Authelia__ allows defining fine-grained rules-based access control policies. This list of rules is tested against
any requests protected by Authelia and defines the level of authentication the user must pass to get authorization to
```
